well howdy there hindered have
peopleit's bow again starting off
tonight with a story so we can head some
stuff off in the comments section from
the Second Amendment crowd okay so ten
fifteen years ago something like that I
was at the range when I was at the range
during this period of my life I was
angry I was not having a good day this
was range therapy for me so while I'm
there
a rookie cop with the county starts
walking down the line checking serial
numbers on guns just was not in the mood
to deal with it closed my case and when
he got up to me he you know kind of
indicated he wanted to search it and I
told him no we had a quick back and
forth he put his hand on the case like
he was gonna do it anyway my pistol was
sitting on the bench in front of me it
had a mag in it but the slide was back
and I put my hand on it and he put his
hand on his gun belt and radioed for
backup and we just sat there and stared
at each other waiting for backup to Iran
it went back up a ride sergeant rounded
the corner gone out ready to go and he
saw it was me he did that it's Bo again
at this point in my life I was let's
just say well known to law enforcement
he didn't what a good cop does walked up
and defuse the situation with a joke you
know he asked the guy he's like what's
going on he's like the student said he's
gonna shoot me if I hope his case and
sergeant looks down the range at the
target I was shooting that looks back at
him he's like well I wouldn't open case
that everybody laughed the the rookie
cop got a talking to explaining that he
can't do this and then the sergeant
turned to me and explained that I should
know better at the end of the day nobody
got shot and my case didn't get searched
what if I had been black
you wouldn't be hearing the story right
now man killed it range okay so I got
questions a few actually from black
people who want to start gun clubs for
black people and I told that story to
remind the Second Amendment crowd that
it's not the same it is not the same you
know you're say well they don't have to
do that it's their right
it's alright if they do the same things
we do they'll end up dead right now
they're they're trying to flex their
rights advocate for themselves and just
get law enforcement used to the idea
that a black person can be armed and
that's not a reason to shoot them so you
can talk about the Constitution all you
want but if they have a bad encounter
the only use of the Constitution would
be to pack the wound it's not going to
stop the bullets it's very easy for us
to be ideological purists when we're not
going to be the ones getting shot okay
so now on to the actual advice all right
took me so long to respond to these
questions guys because it's a lot more
complicated than I thought it first
you've got to get the rules of
engagement established sadly you don't
get to determine them the cops do and
they may not tell you what they are
that's the first thing you have to fix
get your club together get your group of
guys together whatever hold an event and
if he can make it open carry even though
I normally don't like open carry events
and get get the top law enforcement
official in your jurisdiction there tell
him whatever you have to to get him
there he's going to talk about gun
safety he's gonna meet voters whatever
it takes you get him there while he's
there you let him talk about whatever it
is he wants to and you ask him directly
what is the preferred thing that law
enforcement wants us to do
during a traffic stop or getting stopped
on the street while carry and you get
that on video and you put it online you
get you get those rules of engagement
set then whatever it is do it I know
it's not right I know it isn't right but
you're trying to expand what is you're
trying to expand a right that you have
that has been disused for so long
law enforcement doesn't seem to realize
you haven't so at this point you just
want them to get used to seeing black
people with guns that's it if they tell
you to put your hands on the roof of the
car the second you get pulled over do it
just do it okay staging that event no
mac-10s
no tec-9 no Brightcove jennings high
points and to answer one of the
questions that came up is the high point
really that bad yeah okay nothing that
is stereotypically associated with a
gangbanger again it's not right it
doesn't matter we're not talking about
right and wrong we're talking about
keeping you alive
don't have any of that there you don't
want to reinforce that negative
stereotype already you'd be better off
with everybody standing there with a
ours okay all of that advice was great
upon where we diverged was how you
should dress to people said dresses
white as possible using those exact
words I disagree I would go the other
way with it I would stage it so you have
one guy that looks like he just got
scooped up from jail right and one guy
in a suit and everything in between
because while the idea of putting your
best foot forward and everything that
sounds great you don't want them to
think that only black people dressed
like this are okay you want them used to
the idea that however you're dressed you
can be armed because you're not going to
be dressed the way they approve when you
actually encounter
law enforcement so I would actually make
sure you have people running the
spectrum
don't knock stuff over okay so those are
the key pieces of advice and then from
there just make sure you do
you-you-you-you comply dive advice I
ever thought I'd give but anyway for
what you're doing you want to set the
example for law enforcement that they
can have an encounter with an armed
black person and survive because even
though it's not true they've bought into
their own propaganda and they're
terrified okay so now under the the more
specific questions that were in these do
we need to standardize this was for the
guy setting up the community defense
stuff probably not the army does it
because logistical II it's easier to
ship one type of ammo one type of
magazines you know than it is for for
them to ship a bunch in your situation
you should have six mags for your rifle
if you burn through 180 rounds during a
community defense situation the ability
to exchange magazines with the buddy is
probably not gonna matter I mean that
that's that's a lot of ammo especially
when you're talking about a group
because it's 180 times however many
people you have a R or a K doesn't
matter I know that's that that's a hot
debate in the gun crowd it does not
matter the AR is a little bit more
accurate at a little bit further range
that you'll probably never shoot it at
anyway the a K is a little bit easier to
maintain and a little bit more reliable
but in the modern versions of both of
these neither one of them is is marked
as the
they're both good platforms and as far
as standardization that's gonna kind of
happen anyway because once everybody
starts shooting you're gonna find out
half of them love the AR half of them
love the egghead and that's gonna be
what they have why does every white
person I mean tell me I should buy a
1911 it only holds eight shots it's like
they're trying to make sure we're out
God okay
the 1911 is a it holds a special place
in white people's hearts it's called the
1911 because it entered service in 1911
it is a very old design and it stayed in
military service and talk ninety-one I
think so it basically every war movie
that every every white guys ever seen up
until very recently has had the 1911 in
it it is it's a staple one two world
wars and all of that the it is probably
the crowning achievement of firearms
design of the 20th century it is now a
21st century you have other options
available if you don't like it don't use
it there are a bunch of 45 caliber
pistols out there that hold more than
eight rounds but it's not that they want
you outgunned it's that they really
really do like that weapon is there
anything else we should know yeah put a
first-aid kit in your car your attorney
will thank you you don't just carry a
gun you're prepared for all emergencies
it's kind of like having a glove in your
car if you carry a baseball bat your
attorney loves that and you may actually
need it also remember that anyway so
what you guys are doing I think it's
great you're trying to expand the rights
that are being exercised
it is very very dangerous and in the
beginning until law enforcement sata2
changes you're gonna have to be very
careful you're gonna have to be
extremely careful I mean and you are not
gonna be able to get away with what your
white body does
it's just they'll kill you they will
kill you anyway it's just a fault
y'all have a good night